Change Archive to Get Help link; rephase requirements; show stars (#71)
optapy/optapy: optapy-docs/src/modules/ROOT/pages/planner-introduction/planner-introduction.adoc

This license is very liberal and allows reuse for commercial purposes.
Read http://www.apache.org/foundation/licence-FAQ.html#WhatDoesItMEAN[the layman's explanation].

OptaPy is a solver for Python that uses a Java Virtual Machine underneath.

> To use OptaPy, both https://www.python.org/[Python 3.9 or later] and a https://adoptium.net/[Java Development Kit (JDK) 11 or later] need to be installed.

Reviewer: Soft suggestion: use active tense for docs:
```suggestion
To use OptaPy, install both https://www.python.org/[Python 3.9 or later] and https://adoptium.net/[Java Development Kit (JDK) 11 or later].
```
